hello everybody this is my keyboard that
I did that unboxing of about a week ago
it looks a little different and if you
don't know that I'm talking about I'll
link you to that video right there yeah
let me explain a little bit what I've
done so these Keys the four keys or
stock don't trip about those this escape
key is a double shot cherry red escape
aggie kak cherry modifier and a kbd
mania okay modifier and my chair in
Turkey much a key key so yeah that's
about all I've done so far and then I
gotta refresh key from techies and then
today in the mail which is pretty much
what I'm doing this I'm how hyped I got
this clear key and this is a scroll lock
button dude watch this wow it's
on there yeah that this key with a pain
in the faster to put on it is clear key
completely clear so that's what a switch
looks like up close my last video I
didn't get a great view on it see the
cherry right there what they look like
so let's LEDs so much all the ladies to
get a good ass keyboard yeah so wanted
to show you guys this cuz i'm hella
excited for it i was been waiting for
the key for like a week for an eco
everyone for his duckie you're the
dragon forever and i feel hella bad it
needs to come soon so yeah guys it's
like keyboard for now keep you posted on
what i do eventually down the road yeah
put this key back on and
show you some typos there you go